---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

# Project Evaluation

In class this week, we had done an activity that had us evaluate a project and gather information on the project. There were multiple groups that contained either two or three people. The group was made based on what projects everyone was interested in. The project that I evaluated was Mumble. Mumble is a free, open source, low latency, high quality voice chat application. This activity was very interesting, we were required to gather information on the projects without using a search engine. We were only allowed to use the projects GitHub repository to gather the information. Prior to evaluating this open source software, I was not familiar with Mumble, that is the main reason for me picking them. After viewing the issues and commits I noticed that the project was very active. There are comments and discussions in the commits and issues. The community is also very friendly they answer questions that people may have, and the responses are constructive. After doing the evaluation I became interested in Mumble, the community seems friendly and some of the issues they had seemed simple enough for a first-time contributor. I may consider this as a project I would like to work on.  

Besides the in-class evaluations we also had to do an evaluation on an open source project of our choosing outside of class. The project I decided to work on was Bit Coin. The reason I chose this as my project is because not many people know that Bit Coin is open source software, and I also have some history with bit coin. Prior to doing my evaluation I did not think that bit coin was as active as it is. The average time of the ten most recent closed issues had been 2 days. That means when an issue gets posted it would take and average of 2 day for it to be closed, it really shows how active this community is. While looking over the issues I noticed that the issues did not seem that beginner friendly, you would need to have a lot of knowledge of Bitcoin. 

 
