---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

# Project Finalization

This week we had a guest speaker, Bill Reyner from FactSet. He gave us an in-depth view of open source in a corporate environment. He went into details about how big companies like FactSet use opensource projects, and what the risks of using some projects that have copyleft licenses. If a company does use software that has a copyleft license on it, then the company would have to release their code with the same license. This can be bad for the company because they can lose their competitive edge against the competition. He also discussed what companies do with old code or software. If the company feels that the software could be useful to other people, they would release it as opensource. This was interesting to me because I thought that companies would just archive the software and forget about it, I was happy to hear they give back to the community. I learned a lot about opensource and its role in the corporate world.  

This week in class we were also finalizing our project choices that we would like to work on. When it comes to project choices I decide to work on (Mumble)[https://github.com/mumble-voip/mumble/issues]  . In order to begin working on the project I needed to install the projects development environment on my local machine. I was able to do this by following the instructions that was provided on the repository. The next thing that I had done is read through the repository's contribution requirements and other important documentation that was also provided. I also started looking through the issues to see if there are any good first issues I can contribute to.  


### Other things accomplished this week:
 

This week I had read the book The Cathedral and the Bazaar. 

I also have a pull request waiting for approval for the hacktober event. 
