---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

# Voting Fraud 

This week I read an article [Election fraud: Is there an open source solution?](https://opensource.com/article/19/9/voting-fraud-open-source-solution?) by  Jeff Macharyas. The article begins by stating the problems of our current election systems, a few of these problems are vulnerable designs, aging machinery, and hacking.  In recent years these problems have been brought up on multiple occasions, and there has yet to be an effort in solving the problem. The article suggests having the voting system open sourced. I agree with this idea, it gives voters a peace of mind when they cast their votes. They will have access to the software and there would be more eyes on the project. If there is a bug, then it could be patched and fixed quickly. Prior to reading the article I never gave much thought on open sourcing the voting system, however after reading the article I feel that this would be best for the people.  

 

## Project 

This week I continued work on [my project](https://github.com/mumble-voip/mumble/issues/3857). I have completed the first part of the issue which was to make the error message seem more friendly. This task was simple, I am currently working on the pop out window to type the password. This is taking longer than expected because I had never done a pop-up window. I have done some research on this and I think that I will be ready to submit a pull request by early next week. 

 

### Extra 

Aside from the article and project work I had also done two more contributions. They were minor contributions, like the ones I did last week. I just updated some youtubers/streamers follower and viewer information. 
