---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---

# Productive Week 

This week in the open source class we had done a group activity, the class was placed into different teams and each team was given a repository. Every team member was given a specific file to add to the repository, each member of the team also had to edit the same readme file. This was my first project that I had done in git with a group of people, and it didn't go as smoothly as I thought it would. There was a merge conflict that I had to fix and when I was ready to push I couldn't because someone changed the repository again. I had to pull again and had another merge conflict to fix. That was kind of hectic, but everything was resolved, and the group ended up finishing the assignment. Prior to doing this exercise I have only pushed to a git repository, because they were my solo projects. I never had to pull from my repository unless I was working from a different machine, I also never had to fix merge conflicts before. This exercise was a good way to understand the basics of working in a group on git. 

Working in a group was not the only git activity that I had done this week. I also edited a blog of one of my peers. Prior to doing this activity the professor went over a set of slides that went into details of the workflow process when working on a git project. The professor also gave us a list of instructions to follow when doing this activity. The instructions were similar to the workflow slides, however there were some differences. One difference is that the instructions told us to commit and ask for pull request when we finished committing, as opposed to the slides that showed we should do multiple commits then do a single pull request for all those commits. I feel that doing a pull request after every commit is better because you can see what file and exactly what was changed. 

Aside from the in-class activity that was done I had also done some light reading this past week. I read multiple articles about open source, however one article interested me more than the others. The article is [“A Beginner’s Very Bumpy Journey Through The World of Open Source”](https://www.freecodecamp.org/news/a-beginners-very-bumpy-journey-through-the-world-of-open-source-4d108d540b39/). The article goes in depth about the authors experience with contributing to open source projects and then he gives some tips for newcomers to the open source world. The author starts off by telling us about their previous fear of contributing to open source projects, then the author tells us about a negative experience. They wanted to contribute to a project and got a response of *“If you can’t figure out how to make the change, you’re not qualified to make the change.”*  when asking a question. The author then finds a group that gave him advice and helped him with his contribution. This article interested me because I feel like the author is relatable. They are relatable in that; I also have a fear of contributing to an open source because I feel that I am “not qualified” to make any changes. However, after reading the author's success in finding a helpful community, and the reading advice that is given at the end of the article, my fear isn't as great as before. Hopefully I can gain more confidence and contribute to some projects. 









