---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

# Balancing Makers and Takers to scale and sustain Open Source

This week I read [“Balancing Makers and Takers to scale and sustain Open Source"](https://dri.es/balancing-makers-and-takers-to-scale-and-sustain-open-source) by Dries Buytaert. This blog post goes into detail of makers and takers of the open source world. The author defines a maker as a company that uses open source as well as actively contributing and investing money into the project that they are using. While a taker is a company that uses open source but does not actively contribute to the projects and does not invest much money into it. The author tries the give different governance methods to sustain projects. The three methods of governance is self-governance, privatization, and centralization. The self-governance idea calls for the companies using the project to come up with an agreed contract. I like this idea in the sense that the companies will decide what rewards each would get for the contributions. The next method is the privatization method. In this method it would give makers more benefits than the takers, but the takers still get benefits in that they can invest more time and money in their proprietary works. This is a good idea in that the makers don’t have a large disadvantage to takers as they will be getting benefits for contributing. The next method is centralization of opensource projects. This method calls for a centralized government type authority to monitor what each company does and decides how they should be compensated for their contributions. I am not a big fan of this idea, how can a third party decide how beneficial a contribution can be, especially if the third party would have minimal knowledge on the project. Prior to reading this blog post I felt that there was no need for a governance of any type for open source projects, but now I am unsure, the blog gave valid arguments on why there should be governance. I however still feel that there shouldn’t be any governance, if a project dies and gets no more contribution because companies stop investing in being makers then let the project die. If it is needed in the future it will be revived by someone else as another project and the cycle will begin again.  

## Wikipedia 

I also started doing research on contributing to wikipedia. I had read [“Contributing to Wikipedia”](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:Contributing_to_Wikipedia#Getting_started) and [“Wikipedia:A primer for newcomers”](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikipedia:A_primer_for_newcomers). These two pieces were long pieces, but they gave me a lot of insight on the requirements for starting a new topic or editing other articles.  I feel this information will be extremely helpful for when I start my first wikipedia contribution. I am currently thinking of what topics I will be contributing to as my first wikipedia contributions.
