---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

# Project Search

This week in class we had a guest speaker, Karen Sandler, she is the executive director of the Software Freedom Conservancy.  She discussed software licenses and the benefits of having software open to the public. She discussed her personal experience with technology, she talked about her defibrillator and how there was a negative side effect to it. She talked about how she does not have access to the software of the defibrillator. This was interesting, it gave me a new perspective on things.  I never gave it much thought before, but our lives are dependent on software. They are in everything from our means of transportation to our methods of communication. We don’t have much access to these software's that are a big part of our lives. Karen Sandler's discussion made me realize that having software open source may be more beneficial for people.  

This week I continued to look for open source projects that I can contribute to. I had taken an in-depth look at the projects I had mentioned in my [week 5 blog](https://hunter-college-ossd-fall-2019.github.io/Aleks118-weekly/week05/). When it comes to the Blender project I found on [SourceSort](https://www.sourcesort.com/contribute?query=&page=1&configure%5BhitsPerPage%5D=36), I concluded that this project was not best for me to work as my first contribution. There is a community behind the project, however there are multiple issues that I don’t feel are beginner friendly. While going through the pulI requests I noticed that the most recent pull request that was accepted was over 6 months ago. The other project I was looking at was the BlizzardAPIReader that I found on [Up For Grabs](https://up-for-grabs.net/#/filters?names=). The community seems nice and they seem very helpful for beginner contributors. They have issues labeled specifically for beginner contributors. They are also actively accepting pull requests. This project seems like a solid project for me; however, this project is not my final choice just yet. I am still going to look into other projects and see if there is another one that catches my eye. 

 

## Contributions 

I contributed to OpenStreet Map this week 
