---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---
**What types of contributions do you think are suitable choices for you to make as your first contributions to an open source project? What types of projects interest you and how do you see your relationship to them?**

Prior to reading [“The Beginners Guide to Contributing to Open Source Projects”](https://blog.newrelic.com/engineering/open-source_gettingstarted/) I was under the impression that in order to contribute to open source one would have to submit code. However, that is not the case, there are multiple ways to contribute from reporting bugs to attending meetups. When I begin contributing to open source projects, I feel that the best thing for me to do is to work on correcting the grammar and spelling in documentations. The reason for this choice is I don’t feel that I am familiar enough with open source to make major contributions, so correcting spelling and grammar would be the best way for me to take a dip in the open source realm without potentially messing anything up. If that doesn’t go as planned, I can also verify any of the bugs that were reported. I feel like that would also be easy to do. 

When I begin contributing to open source projects, I would most likely look into contributing to some open source games. I feel that open source video games are the best way to go because I have previously done some work for a start-up that was focused on creating video games. I am interested in the different aspects of video games from the UI to the physics of them. Hopefully by contributing to video games I will be able to learn more about open source.  
