---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

### *What I have learned*

This week I had done some light reading, I read the article [" 10 things you should know about open source before you use it"](https://www.techrepublic.com/blog/10-things/10-things-you-should-know-about-open-source-before-you-use-it/). This article goes in depth about myths and misconceptions about open source. After reading the article I realized that I have learned a lot about open source in the few weeks of class. Prior to taking the course I was under the impression that in order to use open source one would have to be a programmer. This isn’t the case; anyone can use open source and contribute to it even if they are not programmers. 

Even though I learned a lot, I realized that I am not even close to being an expert in the open source field. After reading the article I noticed that there are still some aspects that I haven't fully grasped just yet. An example of this is, I had no idea that some open source software has support behind them. This was interesting for me because I was under the impression that open source software was built by a community of people and managed by said community. I had no idea that some of the open source software have teams behind them that deal with people and issues daily. Another aspect that was new to me was that some of the opensource software is not free, instead, people or companies pay for some of the programs that are open source. It turns out that open source programs that companies do end up releasing as open source are just the bare bones of the programs that they are selling to people or large companies for money. The companies usually make money from the add-ons and support.  Hopefully as I progress through the course, I will be able to expand my knowledge of open source. 
