---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

# The Cathedral and The Bazaar

This week I finished reading the essay The Cathedral and the Bazaar by Eric Steven Raymond, which is located [here](http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/cathedral-bazaar/cathedral-bazaar/index.html). This essay was about two different software representations, which are the cathedral and the bazaar. The cathedral is supposed to represents software that is being worked on by a private group. While the bazaar is software that is being worked on by the public. The author goes into detail about these different forms of working on software, he compares them, as well as relates them to his own experiences. In his writing he also mentions different concepts that he learned while working on open source software. A few that caught my attention are: 

*“Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse).”* 

I agree with this idea. It is important for software developers to reuse their own programs. It can save them time and have them work on other aspects of software. 

*“Given a large enough beta-tester and co-developer base, almost every problem will be characterized quickly and the fix obvious to someone.”* 

I agree with this idea that the author had brought up. It makes sense to me; you will be able to solve more problems the more people look at it. Multiple people with knowledge of different specific topics is better than one person having inadequate knowledge of multiple things. 

*“Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong. “* 

I can really relate to this idea, when working on projects in and out of school I tend to run into a lot of problems. I usually try to solve the problem, if I can't solve it within thirty minutes, I would take a break then find someone and explain the problem to them and go into detail on how I would solve it. Then while explaining I realize that my approach was wrong, and I figure out how to solve the problem. 

 

### Project Decision- 

The project that I had chosen to work on is [mumble](https://github.com/mumble-voip/mumble). Mumble is a voice over IP application primarily designed for use by gamers. The reason I chose this project is because I use a voip like mumble called discord. However, discord is a Proprietary software, this makes it difficult for me to add features that I would like, or to fix some feature. However, with mumble since its opensource I can work on it and make changes to it, maybe while I work on the project, I may convert from using discord to using mumble. When it comes to finding an issue, I am still looking. I want to find an issue that will make an impact without it being too difficult.  I have however read most of the documentation that was provided but not fully just yet. Hopefully in the coming week I can find an issue to work on.  

### In Class Work 

This week in class we went over another contribution workflow. However, this time we didn’t use git push or git pull. Instead we used git fetch and git merge to do work on the repository. We also did an in-class activity that simulated working an active project while using the contribution workflow. We used instructions that the professor provided. I was able to follow the activity thoroughly without any issues. 

 

### Out of class work 

This week out of class I had been looking for issues that I can contribute to.  I had also made another contribution to [openstreet map](https://www.openstreetmap.org/changeset/76363151#map=19/40.75967/-73.77103). 

  
