---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---


## Humanitarian Project 

The humanitarian project that I chose to read about is [“Bringing Raspberry Pi to schools in Tanzania”](https://opensource.com/education/16/6/interview-janice-lathen-powering-potential). The article had caught my attention because it had to do with raspberry pi, I used a raspberry pi to make a small handheld pac-man game in high school. A raspberry pi a credit-card sized computer single board computer.  The article is about an interview of Janice Lathen and how her organization “Powering Potential” helped kids in Tanzania. She started the organization in March of 2006, after donating a laptop and seeing how excited the students gotten. Since she started the organization, they have installed raspberry pi’s in 13 rural secondary schools. This project also uses open source software in the raspberry pi. The reason they use open source software is because it is easy to sustain, and it provides the kids that a good at coding a way to contribute to the software they use. The Power Potential introduced over 7,500 students to computers and gave them access to educational content. There are student who enrolled in computer science and over 700 students that enrolled to national ICS courses. This organization helped bring students in Tanzania computers and helped motivate kids to pursue computer science. 

 

## Open Source Business Models 

I read the article [Musings on business models for open source software](https://spot.livejournal.com/327801.html) by Tom Callaway. He goes into detail about the different open source models to start off the article. He then begins to mainly talk about the model of open core, open core is when the core base is open source and the company adds proprietary software on it.  HE doesn’t really talk about open core in a positive manner. HE states that open core is like “half-pregnant” state. Its where companies believe there, I value in open source but they do not want to fully commit to it. He also states how he thinks that companies use the open core model provides minimal risks. Tom then goes into details about how he thinks that if companies adopted a fully open source offer the customers would be happier and be more engaged. I agree with this idea I feel that if people have more information and input on what they are using they would be happier, hopefully in the near future companies will begin abandon the open core model. 

 

## Open Soure in Enterprise 

The next article I read was [8 advantages of using open source in the enterprise](https://enterprisersproject.com/article/2015/1/top-advantages-open-source-offers-over-proprietary-solutions). The article is meant to explain the advantages of open source software to companies. The 8 advantages that he lists are flexibility and agility, speed, cost-effectiveness, ability to start small, solid information security, attract better talent, share maintenance costs, and the future. I agree with the author when he states that these are the advantages of open source. Open source is a reliable and it could be very beneficial for the companies to adopt open source. Hopefully in the future more companies will begin to open source their software. 

 

## Would you want to work in a company that only produced open source software? Why or why not? What would your dream job be? How would you like to see the business of software production in ten years? 

I won’t actively be looking for companies that only produce open source software. However, if I were offered a position at a company that does produce open source software, I would work for a them. Open source feels like you are more involved with the community, you release features that you know people want, not what you think people want like most proprietary software does.  
When it comes to a dream job, I currently do not have one. I feel that I don’t have much experience in many different aspects to choose a dream job. 

Hopefully in ten years open source gets accepted by big companies. I also hope that more people find out about open source, I feel there isn't widespread knowledge of open source only a small portion of society knows what open source is. 
