---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

#Week 5

This week in class we were placed in groups and used the workflow that was reviewed in the previous weeks class. One team member had to start a repository and they were the maintainer for the group, while the remaining members were contributors to the repository. We all took turns completing different tasks and fixing the issues that were given to us. While doing this activity I had a little trouble editing my current pull request. Instead of updating my current pull request I had created a new pull request that had minor changes to the file. I did eventually learn how to edit my pull request. I also rushed in trying to delete my branch, I tried to delete the branch before the maintainer merged the pull request. I got lucky that I had gotten an error message and git checks, otherwise I would have deleted my edits. Besides learning a lot, I noticed this activity was not as hectic as the activity done the previous week. The week prior everyone one was pushing to the repository all at once, which caused many merge conflicts and multiple file changes. This did not happen for this week's activity, there was an order, and everyone was not writing directly to the repository. Hopefully in the future I can complete the activity with little error on my part.  

This week I read section 4 of [“GitHub's How To Contribute”](https://opensource.guide/how-to-contribute/#finding-a-project-to-contribute-to). The section gave us pointers on finding a project to contribute to. Besides the pointers the section also provided us with links that can better help the inexperienced in the open source world make their first contributions. I went through the links and they have different open source software that can be contributed to. When going through the websites it was kind of intimidating seeing all the projects that can be worked. However I found two projects that I may be interested to contribute to. The first project is a Blizzard ApiReader that I found on the website [Up For Grabs](https://up-for-grabs.net/#/). While the next project is Blender, which I found on [SourceSort](https://www.sourcesort.com/). I still am going to look for other projects to contribute to, but these caught my attention because I have used the different open source software before. 
