---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

#Final Blog

In my first blog I stated that the reason I took the course was because A prior professor had me do a basic study on open source which piqued my interest. After completing this course I am glad that I decided to take it. The course had surpassed my expectations, I initially assumed that in the course we would just do minor contributions and learn more about open source history. This however was not the case, we had guest speakers come into the class to give us perspectives of open source from a corporate, and legal standpoint. We were also able to contribute to multiple projects. We contributed to Wikipedia, openstreet maps, our fellow classmates blogs, and we also got to choose a big project that we would like to contribute too. Open source wasn’t the only thing that we learned from the course; the professor also went over some linux commands.  

In my second blog post I said that I would most likely like to make easy contributions to projects, like fixing a grammar or spelling mistake as one of my first contributions to big projects. I still feel that I would most likely look to do those types of contributions for other projects, even though for my contribution that I did for class I did a little bit of coding to implement a new feature. The reason I would go for more spelling and grammar fixes is because I am still not confident in my programming skills. 

When choosing a project to work on I originally thought that I would work on an open source game. In the end I had not contributed to a game instead I contributed to something that helps gamers. It's an open source voice a chatting application that is designed to be used by gamers. After hearing my classmate's successes with their contributions, I most likely will not limit myself to looking for only open source games, I will assist any open source project if possible. 

This class was a great experience, I really did learn a lot. 

 
