---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

# Guest Speaker and Wikipedia 

This week we had another visitor to the class, he was Kevin Fleming, from Bloomberg. He spoke about open source and how Bloomberg relies on opensource project in their own software. Bloomberg does not only use opensource software they are also avid contributors to different opensource software's, especially the ones they utilize the most. A few of the projects that Bloomberg contributes to are  Project Jupyter and Apache Solr. Besides contributing to open-source projects Bloomberg is also active in trying to get more people involved into contributing to open source. They hold open source events where they have people go and work on different open source projects. In regards to the cathedral and the bazaar I feel that Bloomberg is more of a maker. They seem to invest a lot of time and money into different opensource projects and getting more people involved in opensource.  

## Wikipedia 

This week I had also done a few contributions to different Wikipedia pages, they weren't huge contributions. The (first contribution)[https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Imaqtpie&diff=prev&oldid=926037135] was to a streamers Wikipedia page I had done was updated his total viewer count as well as his follower count. My (second contribution)[https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Dr_DisRespect&diff=prev&oldid=926068373]was pretty much the same I had updated another streamers viewer count and follower count. 
 

## Project Progress 

As mentioned, before I had chosen to contribute to mumble as my project. The last update I gave on this project was that I had yet to choose and find an issue to contribute to and I have not given an update about it since. However, that is not the case anymore I have (chosen an issue)[https://github.com/mumble-voip/mumble/issues/3857] to focus on. I had chosen this issue at the start of week 10. Since choosing to work on this issue I had forked the repository and had cloned the files to my personal machine. I had also created a private server and attempted to join it, with a wrong password to try and see what the issue was referring to.  This week I had started to do some research on how to store the access token, because that seems like the most difficult part of the issue. I feel by the start of next week I will be ready to start working on the pull request. 
